Lightning installation instructions improvements (#848)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: README.rst

Reviewer: Instead of having installation instructions replicated in the `README` _and_ docs, perhaps we could just make the `README` instructions very briefly redirect to the [docs installation](https://xanaduai-pennylane--848.com.readthedocs.build/projects/lightning/en/848/dev/installation.html)

Author: I think the README instructions provide what's in the installation page (e.g., https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/blob/e32f68c0f3d370c676ae361f1d78a8305db97770/doc/lightning_qubit/installation.rst#L1)

Lightning-Qubit installation
****************************

Lightning Qubit comes with installing PennyLane. Please follow our `installation instructions on pennylane.ai <https://pennylane.ai/install/>`_ to install PennyLane.

Install from source
===================

> .. note::
>     The below contains instructions for installing Lightning Qubit ***from source***. For most cases, *this is not required* and one can simply use the `installation instructions at pennylane.ai/install <https://pennylane.ai/install>`_.
>     If those instructions did / do not work for you, then consider reading on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note::

    The below contains instructions for installing Lightning Qubit ***from source***. For most cases, *this is not required* and one can simply use the `installation instructions at pennylane.ai/install <https://pennylane.ai/install>`_.
    If those instructions do not work for you, or you have a more complex build environment that requires building from source, then consider reading on.
```

Lightning-Qubit installation
****************************

Lightning-Qubit comes pre-installed with PennyLane. Please follow our `installation instructions <https://pennylane.ai/install/#high-performance-computing-and-gpus>`_ to install PennyLane.

Install from source
===================

.. note::

>     The below contains instructions for installing Lightning Qubit ***from source***. For most cases, *this is not required* and one can simply use the `installation instructions at pennylane.ai/install <https://pennylane.ai/install>`_.

Author: ```suggestion
    The below contains instructions for installing Lightning-Qubit ***from source***. For most cases, *this is not required* and one can simply use the `installation instructions at pennylane.ai/install <https://pennylane.ai/install>`_.
```

Lightning-GPU installation
**************************

For the majority of cases, Lightning-GPU can be installed by following our installation instructions at `pennylane.ai/install <https://pennylane.ai/install/#high-performance-computing-and-gpus>`_.

Install Lightning-GPU from source
=================================

.. note::
    The below contains instructions for installing Lightning-GPU ***from source***. For most cases, *this is not required* and one can simply use the `installation instructions at pennylane.ai/install <https://pennylane.ai/install/#high-performance-computing-and-gpus>`_.

>     If those instructions did / do not work for you, then consider reading on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If those instructions do not work for you, or you have a more complex build environment that requires building from source, then consider reading on.
```

Lightning-Kokkos installation
*****************************

> On most Linux systems, Lightning-Kokkos can be installed via Spack or Docker by following our installation instructions at `pennylane.ai/install <https://pennylane.ai/install/#high-performance-computing-and-gpus>`_.

Reviewer 2: with lightning.kokkos, I believe there may be more cases than qubit/gpu where you need to install from source (e.g., if you want to use GPUs)

Author: Thanks! Does this sentence need to be modified 🤔?

Install Lightning-Kokkos from source
====================================

> .. note::
>     The below contains instructions for installing Lightning-Kokkos ***from source***. For most cases, one can install Lightning-Kokkos via Spack or Docker by the `installation instructions at pennylane.ai/install <https://pennylane.ai/install/#high-performance-computing-and-gpus>`_.
>     If those instructions did / do not work for you, then consider reading on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note::

    The below contains instructions for installing Lightning-Kokkos ***from source***. For most cases, one can install Lightning-Kokkos via Spack or Docker by the `installation instructions at pennylane.ai/install <https://pennylane.ai/install/#high-performance-computing-and-gpus>`_.
    If those instructions do not work for you, or you have a more complex build environment that requires building from source, then consider reading on.
```
